Arnold Schwarzenegger on success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bumPyvzCyo 
up to 3:56 - you must have a goal, a purpose; don't listen to naysayers; keep working

Admiral McCraven - life lessons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBuIGBCF9jc

1. Make your bed to perfection every morning. Value: You will have accomplished the first task of the day, give you a sense of pride, and encourage you to do another task and another and another. The little things in life matter. If you can't do the little things right, you'll never be able to do the big things right. And if you have a miserable day, you'll come home to a bed that is made, that you made, and encourage you that tomorrow will be better. If you want to change the world, make your bed every morning.

2. Boat crews. Every paddle must be synchronized to the beat of the coxswain. Every person must contribute. You can't change the world alone. You will need help. It takes friends, colleagues, the goodwill of strangers. The best boat crew was the "munchkin" crew, with no one over 5'5". It was an ethnically- and socially-mixed crew. Nothing mattered but success.

3. Several times a week there was a thorough uniform inspection. If it wasn't perfect, you had to "sugar cookie" - roll around in wet sand and stay in that uniform all day. The students who didn't understand the purpose of the drill washed out. The point was you would never succeed. The lesson is that sometimes no matter what you do, sometimes things will not work out. Keep moving forward.

4. Every day had physical challenges. Every event had standards. If you didn't meet the standards your name went on a list and they had to do 2 hours of additional calisthenics. Everyone made the circus list - it was intentional, to help build character. Lesson: Don't be afraid of the circuses.

5. Obstacle course contains 25 obstacles. The most challenging was the slide for life. 3-level 30-foot tower at one end, a 1-level tower at the other. You had to climb the 3-tiered tower and then go hand over hand to the other end. One student went along the top of the rope instead of underneath in a risky move that broke the record. If you want to change the world, sometimes you have to slide down the obstacles head first.

6. Night swim in shark-infested waters. They were taught that if a shark circled your position, stand your ground and don't show fear. Punch him in the snout and he will turn and swim away. If you hope to complete the swim, you have to deal with the sharks. If you want to change the world, don't back down from the sharks.

7. Practicing underwater attacks on shipping. Swim underwater using depth gauge and compass. You have to swim in darkness to find the keel under the water, where you can't see anything or hear anything over the noise of the ship's machinery, and easy to become disoriented. You must be calm and composed. If you want to change the world you must be your very best in the darkest moments.

8. Ninth week is "hell week". No sleep, physical and mental harassment, and a day in the mud flats near Tijuana. Wednesday of hell week you have to survive the mud flats 15 hours while instructors yell at you to quit. If 5 men would quit, everyone could get out. 


